Update globalnet related doc (#93)
submariner-io/submariner-website: src/content/architecture/globalnet/_index.en.md

## Architecture

> To support overlapping CIDRs in clusters connected through submariner, submariner has a component called Global Private Network, GlobalNet (`globalnet`). This GlobalNet is a virtual network specifically to support submariner's multi-cluster solution with a Global CIDR. Each cluster is given a subnet from this Global Private Network, configured as new cluster parameter `GlobalCIDR` (e.g. 169.254.0.0/16) which is configurable at time of deployment.

Reviewer: It's hard to tell from the GitHub diff, but I think these sentences weren't changed by this PR. Checkout the "rich diff" and you can see it's just an extension to this paragraph.

> To support overlapping CIDRs in clusters connected through submariner, submariner has a component called Global Private Network, GlobalNet (`globalnet`). This GlobalNet is a virtual network specifically to support submariner's multi-cluster solution with a Global CIDR. Each cluster is given a subnet from this Global Private Network, configured as new cluster parameter `GlobalCIDR` (e.g. 169.254.0.0/16) which is configurable at time of deployment.

Author: This paragraph is not part of this PR change. Its an existing para. I added the last line to this "User can also define Global CIDRs for each cluster that is joined to the broker."

> To support overlapping CIDRs in clusters connected through submariner, submariner has a component called Global Private Network, GlobalNet (`globalnet`). This GlobalNet is a virtual network specifically to support submariner's multi-cluster solution with a Global CIDR. Each cluster is given a subnet from this Global Private Network, configured as new cluster parameter `GlobalCIDR` (e.g. 169.254.0.0/16) which is configurable at time of deployment.

Reviewer 2: Yeah, not sure what triggered the diff, may be tab vs space?

Can we take the chance and apply tpantelis suggestion? I think it's clearer, although I get the point it's not related to your change :)

> To support overlapping CIDRs in clusters connected through submariner, submariner has a component called Global Private Network, GlobalNet (`globalnet`). This GlobalNet is a virtual network specifically to support submariner's multi-cluster solution with a Global CIDR. Each cluster is given a subnet from this Global Private Network, configured as new cluster parameter `GlobalCIDR` (e.g. 169.254.0.0/16) which is configurable at time of deployment.

Reviewer 3: I personally think that a separate section about various globalnet related parameters that can be used during deploy-broker/join command will be useful.

> To support overlapping CIDRs in clusters connected through submariner, submariner has a component called Global Private Network, GlobalNet (`globalnet`). This GlobalNet is a virtual network specifically to support submariner's multi-cluster solution with a Global CIDR. Each cluster is given a subnet from this Global Private Network, configured as new cluster parameter `GlobalCIDR` (e.g. 169.254.0.0/16) which is configurable at time of deployment.

Author: I think "This" is needed. It references to the GlobalNet talked before.

> User can also define Global CIDRs for each cluster that is joined to the broker.

Author: It says that now on even users can explicitly mention Globalnet CIDR for each cluster before joining it.

> User can also define Global CIDRs for each cluster that is joined to the broker.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
User can also manually specify Global CIDRs for each cluster that is joined to the broker.
```

? @tpantelis would that sound clearer?

> User can also define Global CIDRs for each cluster that is joined to the broker.

Reviewer 4: I'm still not clear - the previous L24 says "...which is configurable at time of deployment.". Isn't that saying the same thing as L25? If so it seems L25 is redundant but it says "User can **also** define..." which to me implies it's trying to say something different. Unless I'm missing something...

> User can also manually specify Global CIDRs for each cluster that is joined to the broker using the flag ```globalnet-cidr``` passed to ```subctl join``` command. If Globalnet is not enabled in the broker or if a global CIDR is preconfigured in the cluster,  the supplied globalnet-cidr will be ignored.

Reviewer 3: User can also manually specify GlobalCIDR for each cluster that is joined to the broker using the flag ```globalnet-cidr``` passed to ```subctl join``` command. If Globalnet is not enabled in the broker or if a GlobalCIDR is preconfigured in the cluster,  the supplied globalnet-cidr will be ignored.

> User can also manually specify Global CIDRs for each cluster that is joined to the broker using the flag `globalnet-cidr` passed to `subctl join` command. subctl will check for validity and overlapping of the passed CIDRs before joining the cluster. If globalnet is not enabled in the broker or if a global CIDR is preconfigured in the cluster, the passed global CIDR will be ignored.

Reviewer 3: User can also manually specify GlobalCIDR for each cluster that is joined to the broker using the flag `globalnet-cidr` passed to `subctl join` command. If GlobalNet is not enabled in the broker or if a GlobalCIDR is preconfigured in the cluster, the supplied globalnet-cidr will be ignored.

Author: Done
